docs: custom player metrics (#259)
livepeer/livepeer-studio-docs: docs/04-guides/get-viewer-engagement/02-api.mdx

> ## Step 1: Register views

Reviewer: IMO this step must be outside of the tabbed display. It is not an instruction for the "API", it is necessary whether you want to see the views on the dashboard or on the API, so it must be included even on the dashboard docs.

I guess it would be OK to just repeat this on the dashboard tab, but IMO ideally, it would come before either tab on the doc, then the tabbed display only shows how to view the metrics on dashboard vs api (but on both cases already have it registered).

I remember having commented about this already on another PR so sorry if I'm being repetitive 🤔

Author: agreed - I've updated accordingly!

To collect and register viewership metrics, you need to configure your player.

> We recommend you use [Livepeer player](https://livepeerjs.org/react/Player) asset
> it comes fully configured for the best playback experience with Livepeer
> but we also support viewership data using custom players. You can follow
> [this guide](/guides/playback-a-video-stream) to setup the Livepeer player.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not required but we recommend that you use the [Livepeer player](https://livepeerjs.org/react/Player)
to get viewership metrics, as it comes fully configured for the best playback experience with Livepeer.
You can follow [this guide](/guides/playback-a-video-stream) to set it up.

We also support viewership data using custom players. Here's how to configure one to register
viewership metrics as well:
```

(gotta fix line lenghts, I just edited on github)

  }
);

> const startViews = await response[0].startViews

Reviewer: don't we still need to call `.json()`?
```suggestion
const { startViews } = (await response.json())[0]
```
